README.md, before:

# Interactive TV

This project simulates an interactive TV with a remote control. Users can turn the TV on and off, switch channels, and display information about the current channel.

## Stack

<div align="center">
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/css-1D7CF2?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
</a>
 </div>

## Features

- Turn the TV on and off
- Switch between 9 different channels
- Display channel information and the current date and time

## How to open

You can view the website simply by following the link: https://mandyspaan.github.io/GH_P2_InteractiveTV/

Or by cloning the repository to your device:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/interactive-tv.git
   ```
2. Open index.html in your web browser.

## How to Use

- Use the on/off button to turn the TV on and off.
- Use the channel buttons to switch between different channels.
- Press the info button to toggle the display of channel information and the current date and time.

Commit message:

Points of Improvement added to README

README.md, after:

# Interactive TV

This project simulates an interactive TV with a remote control. Users can turn the TV on and off, switch channels, and display information about the current channel.

## Stack

<div align="center">
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/css-1D7CF2?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
</a>
 </div>

## Features

- Turn the TV on and off
- Switch between 9 different channels
- Display channel information and the current date and time

## How to Open

You can view the website simply by following the link: https://mandyspaan.github.io/GH_P2_InteractiveTV/

Or by cloning the repository to your device:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/interactive-tv.git
   ```
2. Open index.html in your web browser.

## How to Use

- Use the on/off button to turn the TV on and off.
- Use the channel buttons to switch between different channels.
- Press the info button to toggle the display of channel information and the current date and time.

## Points of Improvement

- Make the VOL and CH buttons work
- Make the page responsive
- Improve the layout
